Updated TODO for Ironic installation (#324)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: docs/user-guide/src/capm3/installation_guide.md

1. Install `clusterctl`, refer to Cluster API [book](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start.html#install-clusterctl) for installation instructions.
1. Install `kustomize`, refer to official instructions [here](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/installation/kustomize/).

> 1. Install Ironic, refer to [TODO](https://book.metal3.io/ironic/ironic_installation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Ironic, refer to [this page](https://book.metal3.io/ironic/ironic_installation.html).
```
